This is the Readme file for Assignment #4
Executive Summary
As requsted by the management team of FinTech Wealth Management Services, the performance of the following four funds were analyzed to picj a single fund to include on our client portfolio of funds. This analysis wa performd using key risk metrics such as the daily Returns, Standard Deviation, Sharpe Ratio and finally the Stock Betas. Based on our analysis, the fund selected was the Tiger Global Management LLC. 
The program tools imported to perform the analysis and generate the results were Pandas, NumPy, Pathlib & Matplotlib. A csv file had been provided by the data management team to the analytical team to use as the basis for the analysis.
First the csv file was read to ensure the data provided was complete using the dropna function to ensure there were no null values preasent in large quantities that would skew the returns performance analysis. Next a statistical summary of the data frame was generated using the describe function to use for comparison basis going forward in the analysis with specific focus on the return means & the standard deviatons. The highest standard deviation was observed for Berkshire Hathaway and th elowest for Paulson & Co. Inc. Finally we converted the dataframe using the pctchange function along with the dropna to eliminate any null values. This was now labelled the navs_daily_returns dataframe and was used for the analysis.
The daily reurns was now plotted and the data was further distilled using the cumprod function along with a CUmulative Returns Plot to compare the cumulative returns of each of the four funds to compare to the S&P 500. The clear performance leader was again Berkshire Hathaway albeit the higher std, deviation values. Based on the cumulative returns plot,  the S&P 500 out performed the four funds except for brief periods in late 2014, fourth quarter of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016.
To compare the statistical performace firther a box plot of the four funds was compared to the S&P 500 and also without the S&P 500.  Clearly the Tiger Fund had the least outliers and the returns performance showed a tight centering around the mean. 
Based on the summary statistics & the box plot above, the fund with the smallest spread is the Tiger Global Mgmt. LLC., while the fund with the largest spread is the Berkshire Hathaway fund. This is evidenced also by the std. deviation values (Tiger Global Mgmt. LLC std. dev. = 0.000996 is the smallest & Berkshire Hathaway at 0.003256 which shows the highest std. deviation of returns & therefore the highest risk fund). Based on the length of the Whiskers, the Tiger Global Mgmt. LLC. & Berkshire Hathaway funds have the smallest & largest data spread respectively. Berkshire Hathaway has the  greatest volatility of the four funds & hence represents the highest risk.  However Berkshire Hathaway fund has a largest range of values that cluster around the mean which again represents the highest volatility of the four funds. The Paulson &  Berkshire funds have the largest number of outliers again reflecting greater volatility.  
Further analysis of the annualized returns confirmed the low risk / low volatility of the Tiger und cmpared to it peers in thsi dataset. A rolling 21 day average of the std. dev.  of all four funds showed the stable return performance of the TIger fund. The Berkshire Hathaway fund consistently poses the higher volatility and therefore the higher risk of the four funds. However from the third quarter of 2019,  the Paulson fund started to match and at times exceed the volatility of the Berkshire Hathaway fund. This could be due to a major strategy shift by the Paulson fund management to take on higher risk investments to match the success of Berkshire Hathaway plus the start ofthe global pandemic around that time that impacted the performance of all four funds in a similar manner.
THe next phase in the analysis was to check the Risk to Return profile.  This was performed using the Sharpe Ratio (Avg. Annual Return / Porfolio Std. Deviation). Results were as follows:
PAULSON & CO.INC.             -0.189998
SOROS FUND MANAGEMENT LLC     -0.102290
TIGER GLOBAL MANAGEMENT LLC    0.579002
S&P 500                        0.589612
BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC         0.717512
The plot of the annualized Sharpe Ratios show that the Paulson Fund had the worst risk-return profileo the four funds based on the negative Sharpe Ratios.  The negative value indicates that the investor would get a negative return for the the assumed risk. By comparison Berkshire Hathaway has the best risk to return profile with Sharpe Ratio of 0.717512. The Tiger fund risk to return ratio closely reflects the S&P 500 which could be indicative of the stock selection strategy followed by the funds manager i.e. the fund picks a distribution of stocks that mirrors the distribution of stocks in the S&P 500.Management & Berkshire Hathaway were selected for further analysis.
Finally a rolling 60 day Beta was calculated and plotted for the two funds using a rolling 60 day Covariance & Market variance calculations. Both funds showed very low to near zero correlations with  the perofmrnce of the S&P 500. Fund #1 (Berkshire Hathaway) is slightly more sensitive to the market movements (S&P 500) versus Fund #2 (Tiger LLC). For every 1% change in the S&P 500 returns, Fund #1 will only change by 0.2% while Fund #2 remains insensitive to the performance of the S&P 500. to pick one fund it would be the Tiger LLC for the following reasons: 1) The fund has a much lower Std. Deviation vs. Berkshire Hathaway & therefore represents far lower risk & volatility (RE: 21 day rolling std. dev chart) 2) Fund #2 is fairly insensitive to the market performance but with an equivalent Risk to Return ratio. 3) Tiger investments shows returns more centred around the mean & less outliers. 
Hence in summary the Tiger Global Management Inc. Fund is our recommended choice to add to our existing clients portfolio.
